PHYS 2211, section N01, Fall 2013
Downloader wID
Wednesday, October 2, 2013 09:36 PM EDT

Assignment Name	Lab 2 Falling Object - Grading Evaluation 
Due	Oct 1, 2013 08:00 AM EDT
Questions			Total	2708898														2708899														2708900														2708901														2708902														
Points				1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	1	0	
Fullname	Username	Student ID
01Last, 01First	student01@gatech			1	The audio is clear and the resolution is clear. Video was too long though.	1	Did not discuss the main result.	0	Talks about Newton's second law, gravity, drag, and terminal velocity.	0	The drag+gravity both predict the motion of the object observed.	0	Yes, talks about the relationship between gravity and drag as it relates to terminal velocity.	1	Everything was clear, the physics were explained. But the question regarding if the initial velocity was not 0, the initial velocity that was put in was way to high, so the graph did not really explain what would happen since it was so radically different.	2	I think that I need to talk more in depth about the physics of my labs.	0	The audio was a bit muffled and hard to understand. Like were is an echo in the background.	1	Need to talk about the results of the lab.	0	The main physics ideas were discussed - Newton's 2nd law, gravity, and drag.	1	The model predicted the motion of the object but the middle parts of the graphs did not quite match up.	0	Presenter talked about the shape and density of the object and how that could have affected the results.	0	I liked that the presenter talked about the terminal velocity and checked that terminal velocity was reached. Presenter discussed all of the required questions.	2	Improve the audio of the video. I need to talk about more in depth about the lab questions.	2	Video way to long - 7mins. I stopped watching at 6mins.	1	Need to discuss the main result of the experiment.	0	Talks about the relationship between gravity and drag, and the relationship of the experiment with Newton's 2nd law.	0	The gravity+drag model predicts the observed results.	1	The R^2 value was not necessary.	2	Unfortunately, the what if and what does it mean questions were answered after the 6 minute mark.	3	Video report was too long and there were some unnecessary steps such as calculating the R^2 value.	0	Audio was good and the video was clear.	0	Talked about the purpose and the results.	0	Maybe talk about the interaction between the drag and gravity and terminal velocity.	0	The drag+gravity model was a perfect match to the motion of the observed paper ball.	1	Could go into more depth about how the physical forces that explain the model.	0	The physics were explained and the questions were answered, could have talked about the terminal velocity more.	2	It is my video!	0	Easy to follow and video and audio were clear.	2	Did not talk about the problem or the results, just said what he will be observing.	0	Yes, gravity and drag were discussed and related to Newton's 2nd law. Use b instead of C for the drag model.	0	The computational model successful predicts the motion of the object observed.	0	The presenter did talk about how both drag and gravity acted on the object and resulted in the observed model.	0	The questions were all answered correctly.	2	I could have talked about the what is questions more in my model.
02Last, 02First	studen02@gatech			0	First video I have seen without sound. I thought it turned out great!	0	n/a	0	n/a	0	If you use Fd = b*V^2, your curve would have fit better, which you talked about which works for me. Just a guess... If the reason you didn't model v^2 was because you didn't know how to make the coding work (like me at first), do Fd = b*mag2(obj.vel)*jhat, which means b times magnitude squared times jhat. The Jhat is what threw me off.	0	n/a	1	The only mistake you made was that you said the "force of gravity is decreased by something," for which you meant drag force. This is not entirely true. The net force is the thing that is decreased here, not the force of gravity itself. Gravity stays the same; it is just countered by a force going in the opposite direction, which in this case is the drag force.	2	You stated the result explicitly in you intro, which I should start doing.	0	n/a	0	n/a	0	n/a	0	n/a	0	n/a	0	n/a	0	This video was perfect!	0	n/a	1	The main result needs to be more explicitly stated.	0	n/a	1	Not use a paper towel so that the middle of the data will match up better.	0	n/a	0	The only thing is that the very last graph show could be better understood if a v vs t graph.	2	This guy did a great job!	0	n/a	0	n/a	0	n/a	1	Some deviation in the middle of the data, which was pointed out and explained.	0	n/a	0	At first I thought that last statement was wrong about there being a greater drag force with a large initial velocity, but that is absolutely true!	1	Fantastic video!	1	Great video! Only thing is that the echo of your voice was kind of distracting. Also, the python code was too small and blurry to read. But the python code was read aloud, so I didn't count off for that.	0	n/a	0	n/a	0	n/a	0	n/a	1	The only thing here is your answer to the "what if." If there is an initial velocity, the object will only reach terminal velocity at a sooner time. Terminal velocity itself would not be greater. The confusion may come from what you said about the "force of my hand." There may be a force from your hand exerted on the headband, but it is only exerted on the headband when your hand is in direct contact. After it leaves your hand, only gravity and drag are acting on the headband.	2	Very well made!
03Last, 03First	student03@gatech	000000003		0	video is very easy to follow	0	main result could have been mentioned early on	0	Physics ideas were clearly mentioned	1	models fit well to the observed motion, even though there were unusual discrepancies, the presented gave detailed discussion about that later.	0	great discussion on the models	0	physics was clearly explained, to improve, he could extend the time to show the plateau he mentioned for terminal velocity	2	great job overallcould just have mentioned the main results in the beginning	0	video is very easy to follow	0	main result could have been mentioned earlier in the video	0	presenter has done a great job on this	0	i think he did well in this	0	great discussions were included	0	physics was explained clearly and correctly	1	just have to include main result early in the video	0	video is easy to follow	2	a more explicit introduction is needed	2	key physics ideas should have been explicitly mentioned	1	they predict the motion quite well	0	he did well in this part, but more discussion can be included	3	What if and what does it mean questions were not discussed at all	3	the report is lacking a lot of important information, such as the main phys ideas and also the questions to be answered at the end of the video	0	video is very easy to follow	2	a more explicit introduction is needed	1	the application was shown but it was not clearly mentioned in the video	1	models predicted well but wrong model was used for drag	0	great discussion included	0	physics was clearly discussed and explained	3	Good job overall but should have included an introduction	0	video was easy to follow	0	clear introduction was included but main result could have been stated early on	0	main physics ideas were mentioned in the beginning of the video	0	models predicted the motion well	0	good discussion was included	0	could have mentioned how the object reaches terminal velocity faster if it's thrown	2	good job overall, should have included main results in the beginning
04Last, 04First	student04@gatech			1	the video was easy to follow. The only thing I think he should improve on is that he should be more visual in his video that explains every step of his dialogue. Also, he should not focus on the details of the process of doing the lab.	1	He explains his object and his main result in the beginning, which is a plus. He also did it in a concise manner, which is good. The only thing is that his main result in the introduction does not actually agree with the results he got. For example, he said that his model overpredicted his data, when it really underpredicted. Also, he did not say which one was a better determination of the terminal velocity, which was the main question.	0	He did present his physics concepts in the beginning and constantly tried to connect to it throughout the video. However, around the end of the video, the physics concepts began to be inaccurate.	3	his models did not match his original data.	1	He does explain why his computational model fails to predict or successfully predicts his model. However, he did not elaborate enough even though he should have, especially since his model did not match his graph very well.	3	He did not explain the physics correctly at the end. since he said that his model over predicted,when it really underpredicted	3	The main problem was that the physics concepts were somewhat inaccurate during the end. I learned that i need to state the main result in my introduction.	2	the video was visual and easy to follow. in this area, i do not see anything that must be drastically improved, other than the technical problems which made it hard to understand in the end.	0	She stated clearly the problem and main result of the lab. It was in a concise manner and yet it was detailed. she did a good job in this area.	0	She does a good job in elaborating the physics concepts in her lab. She also connects these concepts in her graph.	1	the model seems to match up her graph pretty well.	1	she does say where it matches and where it mismatches. However, i think she could elaborate a little more than she did.	1	she does a good job in connecting her physics concepts to her  lab.	2	she should fix the technical issues because it was somewhat hard to follow with it.  I learned to state the main result in my introduction to allow the audience to follow along easily throughout my video.	1	he needs to talk a little slower	0	he states his problem and his main result in his video.	0	i dont think he needs to change his lab in this area.	1	he did a good job in this area.	0	he did a good job in explaining why his graphs matched or did not match.	0	he did a good job in elaborating on the physics concepts.	1	i learned to that I did my terminal velocity question wrong. I realized that terminal velocity is the same in the end. I also need to state my main result in my introduction.	0	the video was visual and explained the physics concepts behind the lab.	0	i stated the problem in the beginning and i stated the main result in the end. the only thing i think i need to improve on is to also state my main result in the beginning.	0	I constantly applied the physics concepts to my lab throughout the whole video to allow my audience to easily follow.	0	the graph successfully predicts the motion of the object except for a few areas, which i explained as to why that happened.	0	i specifically said where they failed to predict and where it successfully predicted. I also explained why that is and related it back to the physics concepts.	3	I did not answer the terminal velocity question correctly. I was assuming that the terminal velocity was the very last recorded velocity of the object. I thought that since the newtons second law is the final velocity = initial velocity + force/m * delta t, that with a nonzero initial velocity, the final velocity would be different.	2	I learned to clearly read the what if questions and to state my main result in my introduction. Also, to use the right physics concepts in my what if questions.	2	it was hard to understand when she was explaining the graph. I think she maybe needs to write out what she says first and rehearse. but other than that, it was easy to follow, such as the beginning.	1	she did state her problem. but she did not answer the question as to which was a better model.	1	she did a great job in explaining the physics ideas, but she did not relate it back to her lab throughout the whole video, which she should do when she explains her graphs.	3	neither model successfully predicted the graph.	3	she did not explain why the graphs mismatched. neither did she say where it mismatched,which she should do using the main physics concepts.	3	she did not answer the first question. Also, the terminal velocity is the same even with a nonzero initial velocity. she said that they were different.	3	The video was hard to follow. also she did not constantly relate her physics concepts to her lab throughout the video. I learned that the terminal velocity is the same at the end even with a nonzero initial velocity.
05Last, 05First Name	student05@gatech			0	The text describes the content effectively. No suggestions.	1	The presenter could state the main results up front.	0	The presenter could discuss the specific iterative form of Newton's law.	1	The presenter could try using multiple trials.	0	There is a clear explanation. No suggestions.	0	No suggestions. Accurate descriptions.	2	No comments.	0	Clear and easy to understand. No suggestions.	0	The presenter could state the result up front.	0	2nd law is clearly explained.	1	The model is off but a rationale is provided.	0	The presenter explains this nicely.	0	Discussion of terminal velocity and drag force.	2	No suggestions.	0	No suggestions. Clear and easy to hear.	0	Both problem and solution stated up front.	0	Newton's 2nd law is clearly described. No suggestions.	0	The graphs match well. No suggestions.	0	Any deviation is addressed. No suggestions.	0	Terminal velocity and drag force both mentioned and correctly explained.	2	No suggestions.	0	The presentation was very clear. Nice work!	0	The result could be stated up front. Otherwise, no suggestions.	0	Newton's 2nd law is addressed correctly.	0	No suggestions.	0	No suggestions.	0	The inclusion of the graphs at the end was very effective. The presenter went above and beyond the assignment guidelines.	1	I can discuss the overarching physics principles through a model if necessary.	0	Nice usage of bubbles and arrows. No suggestions.	0	The speaker could state the result up front in the video.	0	Newton's 2nd law correctly addressed. No suggestions.	2	The presenter could try recording the object's position from the moment of release.	1	This is addressed in the video but could be expanded upon.	0	Both questions are clearly addressed. No suggestions.	2	I can be clearer about discussing the what if question in my report.
06Last, 06First	student06@gatech			0	She speaks clearly, it's good	0	Yes, with slides. No improvement needed	0	No improvement needed	0	The drag force didn't make a huge difference. An object with greater drag would have been a better example, but her model is still correct	0	No improvement needed	0	No improvement needed	2	Nothing	0	No improvement needed	0	No improvement needed	0	No improvement needed	1	I should have used an object with more drag	1	I understand where I went wrong	0	I understand.. No improvement needed	2	It is mine	1	The sound has a little static, but it's still pretty easy to follow	0	No improvement needed	0	No improvement needed	0	No improvement needed, very accurate	0	No improvement needed	0	No improvement needed	2	Nothing	1	A little louder	0	No improvement needed	0	No improvement needed	1	The graphs are very close	0	he understands	0	No improvement needed	2	He does a better job of sounding excited about the physics	2	The video is private. I can't watch it	1	Not make their video private	1	The video is private	2	The video is private	2	The video is private	2	The video is private	2	The video is private
07Last, 07First	student07@gatech			1	There was a slight echo in the background.	0		0	The presenter does a good job identifying and applying the models.	0	The computational data reflected very accurately the positions.	1	She could have explained more about the v squared and why the drag worked very well in the computational model. An explanation of the b value was needed as well.	1	The what if was not fully explained because there was not a discussion of a initial velocity not equal to zero.	2	This was my video.	1	He talks very fast and makes it had to follow the video.	2	He does not give a main result.	0	He does a good job in identifying models.	0	They are very close except for some discrepancies which he addresses.	0	He did this part well.	0	He correctly explained everything.	1	I needed to talk about my b value.	0	It is easy to follow and he speaks at a good pace.	2	He does not discuss the main results.	0	He introduces Newton's 2nd Law and discusses it.	0	They matched up well very and I do not think he could have made any improvements for a better match.	0	He could have talked more about his b value and its effect on the model with drag.	3	He does not discuss terminal velocity or the "what if" section.	3	He could have elaborated more on his lab set up and the application of Newton's 2nd Law.	0	There were some ums.	0	She introduces the experiment and states the main results.	0	Models are identified.	1	Yes for the most part but in the drag model it under predicts in the end of the experimental model and that is not possible.	3	She could have explained the discrepancies better, a better b value might have helped.	0	She explains why her graphs could have not lined up well, she also explains why her graphs does not depict terminal velocity.	3	She could have had a script more planned out and more discussion of Newton's 2nd Law.	0	There is a slight hum in the background but other than that, it is done well.	0	She includes both.	0	She does everything really well.	0	She does everything well.	0	She does everything well. She could have had a conclusion to wrap it all up instead of an abrupt end.	0		0	I could explain my code better.
08Last, 08First 	student08@gatech			1	Video was easy to follow	0	explained at the beginning	0	explained the main ideas and laws used, however should prob go into more detail to explain what they mean conceptually	3	not really	0	Did explain why it was messed up	1	answered both questions	2	next time get a result that matches the model haha	0	He did a good job, maybe talk a little slower next time	0	He explained it at the beginning	0	He actually showed the equations worked out	2	did not match great but was close	0	He explained the discrepancies	1	He does a good job explaining the what if and what does it mean	1	Explain the physics better in my case	0	She did good	0	she explains this at the beginning	0	She explained Newton's Law	1	Her model fit pretty well	1	She should have explained any erros in more detail	2	I think she answered the what if question wrong	2	I like her force diagrams!	1	He was pretty monotone	0	explained at the beginning	1	Im not sure if he did, he kinda did i guess in the code?	1	the one without drag? noone with drag? Yup	1	He didn't explain why the one without drag didn't fit so well	1	He explained both the questions	2	Explain the physics!	1	A little monotone. But cool visual effects	0	she explained this at the beginning	1	Didnt explain the drag force	0	Hers fit very well	0	Her model fit	2	didn't explain the what does it mean question	2	Explain the what does it mean questionincrease font on the code explain the drag force
09Last, 09First	student09@gatech			1	The background noise was distracting at times but I also liked it!	0	Started out with the reason and all the formulas which made it east to understand.	0		1	To make the model a better fit you might want to plot your points in tracker a little better, which I know is hard, but you can also do a trial and error run.	1	A little more detail could be proved.	1		3	I would personally get rid of the background noise, it makes it hard to focus on you at times.	1	I could talk more clearly.	0		0	present the formulas earlier in the video	1	Plot the points better in tracker.	1		1		2		1		1	The reason why we are performing this lab and to determine what should be stated.	0		1	The tracker points probably need to be plotted better.	1		1		2		1		0		0	It would be beneficial if you could explain the ideas a little more and zoom in on the formulas.	1		1		1		3		0		0		0		1	I would think a bag would sway to each side while dropping which could have caused error.	0		0		0	
10Last, 10First	student10@gatech			0	The presenter states the purpose and main result clearly.	0	The presenter presents a clear purpose and result.	0	The presenter clearly explains the physics principles.	0	The presenter's model was very accurate.	0	The presenter could mention any possible sources of error in her experiment.	0	The answers to both questions were accurate.	1	I learned that I should start with the main result before going into detail during my movie.	0	The video was clear and easy to understand.	0	The presenter could be more clear about the main result and why she got that result.	0	The presenter correctly discusses the physics principles.	0	The presenter could discuss possible sources of error.	1	The presenter could be more clear with when and possible reasons why the data matched at better times than others.	2	The presenter incorrectly answered the "what does it mean" question.	2	The presenter could start the video by discussing the main result before the experiment.	0	The presenter is clear and easy to understand.	0	The presenter could start the presentation with a conclusion of the results.	0	The presenter could explain the Weight and Drag Force formulas.	0	The model correctly predicts the experimental positions.	0	The presenter could explain possible sources of error.	2	The presenter does not show a clear understanding of what would happen if the object were thrown instead of dropped.	2	The presenter could offer sources of error and state the conclusion in the beginning.	0	The presenter is clear and easy to understand.	0	The presenter could discuss possible error.	0	The presenter clearly explains the physics principles.	0	The presenter's model matched well with the experimental data.	1	The presenter could discuss possible errors.	1	The presenter's diagrams of terminal velocity do not back up what he is saying.	2	The presenter could start the presentation with his results.	0	The presentation was clear and easy to understand. However, some of the voice recordings did not match up well.	0	The presenter could start the presentation with a summary of the results.	0	The physics principles were clearly stated.	0	The model was an accurate prediction of the experimental data.	0	The presenter explained the model's match with the experimental data well.	0	The presenter could discuss the second answer in greater detail.	2	I know that I need to state the main result at the beginning of the presentation.